this is the 2005 horse river tsunami
39 h at forty feet in length has three
slide out at the 20-foot power patio
awning
plenty of storage underneath
22.5 Michelin tires
you
and the cat will bring lighter chassis
for
evil engine
Allison Transmission computerized
levelling system in dash am SFPD DVD
player made by pioneer off the monitor
eb rave radio all come to leather
upholstered captain's chairs made that
Mike Neal both are sticks away above the
cab we have a sony lvg gme flips around
town and DVD player in the living area
we have pilot pylori we have a leather
upholstered sofa
and on the other side we have a j lounge
sofa awesome also bolstered
dinette waterfall turn and cough closer
in the kitchen area tile flooring as
well his bouncer just countertops double
sink with a single handed faucet then
for dispensers for so when a storage
underneath
ma GE profile to mention microwave and
below that heavy dishwasher
here the tube Bahrain's top storage
also has a North Pole four door
refrigerator and freezer
and the bathroom areas it's time for it
again blaster a shower feet and tight
and by the room with the toilet and
thinking vanity also in Tibetan cabinet
our storage
fantastic man high volume in those
supply the room and in the bathroom area
also in the bathroom area as the washer
and dryer combo and the bedroom near
harmony
queen-size bed
individual reading life
over-the-head storage place nor
throughout bedroom dressing mirrors
you
also in the bedroom in the manatee
Kevin
again this is a 2005 forest river
tsunami 39 HS 40 feet in length that's
three spots the 20-pound 20-foot power
patio awning honey in storage
and it is available at Charlotte RV and
marine you're interested please call 94
1883 5555 we are located on the corner
of the US 41 and came highway dock
number for this community bo 851 click
here to visit our YouTube channel and
see all of our video listings or click
here to see all of our current class a
diesel Motorhome video listings and
don't forget to subscribe to our YouTube
channel to keep up with all future
listings the perfect RV for you could
show up tomorrow don't miss out
subscribe today
you